README.md, before:

[![Tests](https://github.com/OneraHub/smoot/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OneraHub/smoot/actions?query=workflow%3ATests)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/ambv/black)

# smoot

## Installation
<code>
  pip install smoot
</code>

Necessary packages : <code>pymoo</code>,<code>smt</code>

## Description

This surrogate based multi-objective Bayesian optimizer has been created to see the performance of the WB2S criterion adapted to multi-objective problems.
Given a black box function f : **x** -> **y** with **bolds** characters as vectors, <code>smoot</code> will give an accurate approximation of the optima with few calls of f.

![modeli1](ressources/f1_avant.png)
![modeli2](ressources/f2_avant.png)

![activ](ressources/wb2s_vs_ehvi.png)

![modeli12](ressources/f1_apres.png)
![modeli22](ressources/f2_apres.png)

### Utilisation

Look at the Jupyter notebook in the *tutorial* folder.

You will learn how to use implemented the functionnalities and options such as :
 - The choice of the infill criterion
 - The method to manage the constraints

For additional questions, contact: robingrapin@orange.fr

Commit message:

update readme with article & presentation links

README.md, after:

[![Tests](https://github.com/OneraHub/smoot/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OneraHub/smoot/actions?query=workflow%3ATests)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/ambv/black)

# smoot

## Installation

ONERA version :
<code>
  pip install smoot 
</code>

This version with last updates :
<code>
  git clone git@github.com:RobinGRAPIN/smoot.git
</code>

Necessary packages : <code>pymoo</code>,<code>smt</code>

## Description

This surrogate based multi-objective Bayesian optimizer has been created to see the performance of the WB2S criterion adapted to multi-objective problems.
Given a black box function f : **x** -> **y** with **bolds** characters as vectors, <code>smoot</code> will give an accurate approximation of the optima with few calls of f.

![modeli1](ressources/f1_avant.png)
![modeli2](ressources/f2_avant.png)

![activ](ressources/wb2s_vs_ehvi.png)

![modeli12](ressources/f1_apres.png)
![modeli22](ressources/f2_apres.png)

### Utilisation

Look at the Jupyter notebook in the *tutorial* folder.

You will learn how to use implemented the functionnalities and options such as :
 - The choice of the infill criterion
 - The method to manage the constraints

For additional questions, contact: robingrapin@orange.fr

### Article and presentation

This repository is a first throw of code to then update SEGO to handle multi-objective problems. This led to an AIAA article accepted, accessible at this adress:
https://www.overleaf.com/read/fndwdktdgkkk
The presentation of the work I made for this project is available here:
https://1drv.ms/p/s!Am_qRb-KdCm2gd8rlKU1_3CD13wKWw?e=KEgokt
